hello everybody Marco Chiappetta for hot
hardware here I want to thank you for
stopping by to check out this video
review of Elyon where's hot new m17x
gaming notebook the m17x is alien
where's current flagship mobile gaming
platform and it's available in a variety
of configurations and colors we've got
one in house complete with a quad core
core 2 extreme QX 9300 2.5 three
gigahertz processor 8 gigabytes of ddr3
1333 RAM running in a dual channel
configuration a one terabyte raid 0
array and dual nvidia geforce gtx 280 m
mobile GPUs running an SLI configuration
this is one heck of a powerful gaming
notebook what do you say we fired up and
check it out the pulsating alien head at
the center of the m17x is lid tells you
that this machine is all Ellen where but
if you ask me the front looks more like
a vintage muscle car than anything else
behind these two vents here and here are
a couple of high powered speakers
there's also an infrared sensor behind
this plastic bezel and we should point
out that the entire shell of the machine
is made from a thick aluminum this thing
is definitely sturdy as its name implies
the m17x is equipped with a 17 inch LCD
this particular screen has a resolution
of 1920 x 1200 and something alien where
has done which is really nice is they've
covered the entire screen with a single
sheet of glass not only does this give
it a nice glossy finish but also makes
it very easy to clean at the top edge of
the LCD as a webcam hidden right here
adjacent to two microphones so it does
have stereo pick up and as you can see
because of the 17-inch form factor
alienware was able to fit an ear full
size keyboard which is also backlit and
there's a large wrist rest the alienware
m17x comes with a very nice keyboard and
touchpad but they're not without their
flaws as you can see everything is
backlit and we should point out that the
backlighting is customizable not only
can the colors be changed but where the
colors appear can be changed for example
the left and right of the keyboard could
be read while you color the center in
blue
software is included with the machine
that lets you change all these options
the touchpad is not multi-touch capable
but it does have scroll areas on the
bottom and the right and it does have a
nice texture so you can feel it even if
you're not looking and along the top
edge of the keyboard is a row of
capacitive switches that are hidden
behind the glossy strip now while they
look good we found them to not always be
responsive and the keyboard does have
some flex right in the center both sides
of the alienware m17x offer a host of
different connectors and expansion slots
on the left side of the machine you've
got a Kensington lock port right next to
some events for the integrated cooling
system which we should point out is
pretty quiet considering how powerful
the machine is you've got vga hdmi and
displayport video outputs an rj45 lan
jack dual USB 2 ports next to a combo
eSATA USB port with power share and a
firewire port on the right side of the
machine you've got a slot loading
blu-ray player although standard DVD
player is also an option an expresscard
slot a flash media reader to more usb2
ports for audio related jacks and
another group events for the cooling
system with its dual nvidia geforce gtx
280 m 1 gigabyte GPUs running an sli
mode the alienware m17x is undeniably a
strong gaming machine to give you an
idea just how strong it is we've got
left 4 dead running at 1920 x 1200 with
4x AAA and 16 x and i so this will also
give you an idea of how the speaker
sound
at those settings the machine is able to
pull off just under 60 frames per second
we also wanted to give you all an idea
as to how the alienware m17x handles
full HD 1080p h.264 encoded video what
we've got here is a clip of Tim Burton's
Alice in Wonderland running on the
machine
with its powerful intel processor and
dual nvidia gpus full HD video playback
is absolutely not a problem for the m17x
another important thing to consider with
regard to the m17x is graphic setup is
that nvidia offers updated mobile
graphics drivers right on their website
this is an important note because
there's no point in buying a dual GPU
powered notebook if the OEM is not going
to offer updated graphics drivers that
support the latest and greatest games as
configured the m17x we took a look at
retails for 48 49 and it offered about
one hour and four minutes of battery
life configuration start at 1799 though
so there's no need to break the bank if
you don't want to we hope you've enjoyed
this look at alienware m17x once again
this is marco Chiappetta for hot
hardware thanks for stopping by